During the first years of their lives, we teach children to walk &amp; talk. Thereafter, we tell them to shut up and sit down.
Show me a Nation with a science-hostile government, and I'll show you a society with failing health, wealth, &amp; security.
Evidence that Humans are smarter than Cats:  We don’t chase Laser dots on the carpet. We’re not afraid of Vacuum Cleaners.
If half the light of a streetlamp goes up, then a shade could reflect the light downwards, requiring only half the wattage.
@notreallykrl The Sun is a million times lager than Earth and we measure Earth’s orbital speed through space. Took centuries to figure out.
@NickywalkerSA Indeed. As has been said: If an argument lasts more than five minutes then both sides are wrong.
If interested, NBCNews just posted a tour of my office, and the random cosmic stuff there [Vid: 5min] https://t.co/EiOEJoS3QP
If I and my advisors had never learned what Science is or how &amp; why it works, then I’d consider pulling out of the Paris Climate Accord too.
In predawn hours low in the West, a Full Moon's visage gazes across the sky to greet Planet Venus, sparkling high in the East
@Stylopidae @DennisEckmeier @EvoPhD @NerdyChristie @StarTalkRadio Your awareness of StarTalk is deeply under-informed, and you've compromised your scientific integrity by pursuing this thread
@DrMRFrancis @pzmyers My helicopter tweet met a similar fate. People invested more energy declaring I was wrong than seeing how I could be right.
Would be cool if all Departments of Motor Vehicles allowed equal signs on License Plates. Allowing plates such as E = M C 2.
Tired of soundbites? CSPAN Video of me addressing the question “Are We Alone?” in the cosmos [10 min] https://t.co/YKAJwOxr5O
If you think you look old in a Photo you just took, consider instead that you will never again be that young.
The US Constitution grants freedom of speech in its First Amendment, but does not protect you from ridicule for being wrong.
The rise of flat-Earthers in society provides some of the best evidence for the failure of our educational system.
Don't Give up on us yet. Americans are inching towards the metric system.
@JJWatt @Djread98 Whoever told him that Dinosaur fossils are fake, does not hold his intellectual enlightenment as a priority.
Total Solar Eclipses occur somewhere on Earth every two years, or so. So just calm yourself when people tell you they're rare
The divided United States of America will unite today, sharing a cosmic event predicted by the methods and tools of science. https://t.co/Q3lNrDLABA
"The first word of the first comment spoken from the Moon was Houston:  “Houston, Tranquility base here, the Eagle has landed\""
@DNAGTweeter The word “Contact” began a short series of statements related to the state of the vessel. I don’t think of them as \""comments\"""""
Maybe it’s just me, but it seems that wanting to conserve the environment would be one of the things “Conservatives” do.
@LoneWolf907 Agreed on all counts. With tail as a stabilizer during gliding phases.
In the years that followed Sputnik’s 1957 launch, the USA would embrace science, technology, and exploration as never before.
It’s not the years, it’s the mileage. Looking at 34.5 billion miles around the Sun — 59 trips. Okay, sometimes it’s the years
@AliceRadley Yup. Good memory. Two or three chapters of Astrophysics For People In A Hurry appeared in other forms over the past 20 years.
If a Space Alien landed on Earth and demanded, “Take me to your leader!” I wonder how many people would take it to their head-of-state.
Merry Christmas to the world’s 2.5 billion Christians. And to the remaining 5 billion people, including Muslims Atheists  Hindus Buddhists Animists &amp; Jews, Happy Monday.
Sometimes I wonder if people who aggressively seek political power are precisely those who should not be entrusted to wield it.
Feb 18, 2018: Eighty-eight years ago today, Clyde Tombaugh of the @LowellObs discovered Pluto --  a legit planet until @PlutoKiller cemented its dwarf-planet fate, then confessed it in his twitter handle. (I was merely an accessory.)
In five-billion years, as the Sun begins to die, its outer layers of glowing plasma will expand stupendously, engulfing the orbits of Mercury, then Venus, as the charred ember that was once the  oasis of life called Earth vaporizes into the vacuum of space.     Have a nice day!
An Unapologetically Geeky Fact: The eccentricity of the ellipse that is the White House Oval Office is: e = 0.62, with the desk chair positioned at one focus &amp; the couches near the other. (FYI: eccentricity of a Circle: e = 0.00; of a Parabola:  e = 1.00) https://t.co/md3VGfXBm6
The only point of Science, with its methods and tools, is to decode all that is objectively true in Nature.
Objective truths are established by evidence. Personal truths by faith. Political truths by incessant repetition.
Today, the greatest threat of extinction we face is not asteroids or climate change or disease or  famine. It’s society’s refusal to heed the warnings of scientists.
@thesciencydude Thanks for asking. I hardly ever make points. Primarily, I share objective information that people might use to inform their own points.
@QChristensen Night on Mercury lasts twice as long as night on the Moon, giving it more time to cool to space.
Queen’s classic song #BohemianRhapsody mentions Galileo —  five times.  Gotta love Galileo, unless you still think the Universe revolves around Earth.
The rise of flat-Earthers in the United States is evidence of two things: 1) the protection of speech, and 2) the failure of our educational system.
If you don’t embrace the methods, tools, and discoveries of science, the obvious next step is to dispose of your cell phone.
If God wanted humans to explore Space, he would have given Earth a Moon. https://t.co/t5KTsStGsg
My moon-tweets are cratering for today, but I’m guessing it's just a phase.Okay.  Just one more...
Astronomically, the “New Moon” is lit only on the far side, and is thus not visible from Earth. Thereafter, the \new\" Moon you see in the sky is called \"waxing crescent\" https://t.co/TcLtCBfZsB"
Of course younger people are more concerned than older people about Climate Change.  In decades to come, they’re the ones who must live in the World that the rest of us have borrowed from them.
When asked about a politician’s suggestion that the poor of America lift themselves up by their bootstraps, soprano Jessye Norman (1945-2019) replied with regal righteousness,“Some people have no boots!”
A  Lunar Eclipse that Flat-Earthers have never seen. https://t.co/KoNiCZR3py
It continues to be true that Flat-Earthers have supporters all around the globe.
If we discover alien life forms in the subsurface waters of Jupiter’s icy moon Europa, I wonder if we’d be compelled to call them “Europeans\."
After sunset this eve, here is a test. Behold two bright lights, both low in the west.Do not wish upon them, these stars, these two, That’s ‘cause they’re planets — your wish won’t come true. Venus &amp; Jupiter together, gracing the twilight skies of the World.
In the western skies of this November eve, all around World, the thinnest of crescent moons graces early twilight, where Venus &amp; Jupiter have been for days. But now Saturn’s there too, closest of the three to the Moon, for what Astro-folk call a quadruple conjunction.